src/pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

AstroPaper is a minimal, accessible and SEO-friendly blog theme built with [Astro](https://astro.build/) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/).

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

AstroPaper provides a solid foundation for blogs, or even portfolios\_ with full markdown support, built-in dark mode, and a clean layout that works out-of-the-box.

The blog posts in this theme also serve as guides, docs or example articles\_ making AstroPaper a flexible starting point for your next content-driven site.

## Features

AstroPaper comes with a set of useful features that make content publishing easy and effective:

- SEO-friendly
- Fast performance
- Light & dark mode
- Highly customizable
- Organizable blog posts
- Responsive & accessible
- Static search with [PageFind](https://pagefind.app/)
- Automatic social image generation

and so much more.

## Show your support

If you like [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper), consider giving it a star ⭐️.

Found a bug 🐛 or have an improvement ✨ in mind? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues), submit a [pull request](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/pulls) or start a [discussion](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/discussions).

If you find this theme helpful, you can also [sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/satnaing) or [buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/satnaing) to show your support — every penny counts.

Kyay zuu! 🙏🏼

Commit message:

SI @1765382208966 ms + myAILabs is a blog about my AI experiments as an AI PM.

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/AboutLayout.astro
title: "About"
---

myAILabs is a blog about my AI experiments as an AI PM.

If you like myAILabs, consider giving it a star ⭐️ on GitHub.

Blog theme: [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper).

![Astro Paper](public/astropaper-og.jpg)

AstroPaper provides a solid foundation for blogs, or even portfolios\_ with full markdown support, built-in dark mode, and a clean layout that works out-of-the-box.

The blog posts in this theme also serve as guides, docs or example articles\_ making AstroPaper a flexible starting point for your next content-driven site.

## Features

AstroPaper comes with a set of useful features that make content publishing easy and effective:

- SEO-friendly
- Fast performance
- Light & dark mode
- Highly customizable
- Organizable blog posts
- Responsive & accessible
- Static search with [PageFind](https://pagefind.app/)
- Automatic social image generation

and so much more.

## Show your support

If you like [AstroPaper](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper), consider giving it a star ⭐️.

Found a bug 🐛 or have an improvement ✨ in mind? Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/issues), submit a [pull request](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/pulls) or start a [discussion](https://github.com/satnaing/astro-paper/discussions).

If you find this theme helpful, you can also [sponsor me on GitHub](https://github.com/sponsors/satnaing) or [buy me a coffee](https://buymeacoffee.com/satnaing) to show your support — every penny counts.

Kyay zuu! 🙏🏼
