src/data/blog/labs/lab2-top-tabs-visual-context.md, before:

---
title: Lab2. Visual Status & Context views for web AI Agents
author: Stef Ianta
pubDatetime: 2025-12-08T07:53:00Z
slug: lab2-nxn-ai-agent-tab-view
featured: true
draft: false
tags:
  - AI
  - Agent Views
  - Web Genes
  - AI Agents
description: Experiments on visual status & context views for AI Agents.
---

## Motivation

Facilitating rapid development and monitoring of AI Agents and traction-oriented Biz-Ops-Pay engines for the AI Economy

## Overview

Custom 2x2 and 3x3 tab views should help AI Agent owners to quickly understand the agent status and context (in dev or monetization stage) and take action.

## List of Experiments

- 1. 3x3 AI Agent tab view for 4k TVs
- 2. 2x2 AI Agent tab view for 1080p monitors

### Exp. 1: 3x3 Agent status view for 4k monitors

In this experiment, we select the first 9 tabs of an XYZ AI Agent and build manually a 3x3 image view.

### Exp. 2: 2x2 Agent status view for 1080p monitors

Here we select the first 4 tabs of an XYZ AI Agent and build manually a 2x2 image view.

Commit message:

Enhance overview with 3x4 structure suggestion
Added a note about using 3x4 structures for reviewing AI Agent prompts and cross-biz model results.

src/data/blog/labs/lab2-top-tabs-visual-context.md, after:

---
title: Lab2. Visual Status & Context views for web AI Agents
author: Stef Ianta
pubDatetime: 2025-12-08T07:53:00Z
slug: lab2-nxn-ai-agent-tab-view
featured: true
draft: false
tags:
  - AI
  - Agent Views
  - Web Genes
  - AI Agents
description: Experiments on visual status & context views for AI Agents.
---

## Motivation

Facilitating rapid development and monitoring of AI Agents and traction-oriented Biz-Ops-Pay engines for the AI Economy

## Overview

Custom 2x2 and 3x3 tab views should help AI Agent owners to quickly understand the agent status and context (in dev or monetization stage) and take action.
Other structures, such as 3x4, could be used to review side by side the AI Agent's Leaner Canvas prompts and their cross-business model results.


## List of Experiments

- 1. 3x3 AI Agent tab view for 4k TVs
- 2. 2x2 AI Agent tab view for 1080p monitors

### Exp. 1: 3x3 Agent status view for 4k monitors

In this experiment, we select the first 9 tabs of an XYZ AI Agent and build manually a 3x3 image view.

### Exp. 2: 2x2 Agent status view for 1080p monitors

Here we select the first 4 tabs of an XYZ AI Agent and build manually a 2x2 image view.
